a lot of you will not know that this
current controversy between vegan gains
info levar Christina began right here on
this YouTube channel and you may not
have noticed that he has a little
caption on screen saying YouTube :
abolish CL when he's quoting the videos
from John Rose now one reason why you
would not know this is that on most of
planet Earth you can no longer see the
video on my channel that address this
I've dealt with YouTube censorship in
various forms and at various levels and
that is the most intense censorship I've
ever had from YouTube it's much more
extreme than just getting a copyright
strike or getting demonetised
that video is now very very hard to find
within the United States of America you
can still see it if you have the link to
take you to it but it will not show up
in search results comments are disabled
thumbs up thumbs down are disabled even
the number of views is disabled you
can't see how many people have seen the
video and it's very hard to find now
incongruous ly exactly the same video
was carried on someone else's channel
and I'll just mention that someone else
was also a white bald male and on his
channel
it wasn't censored it wasn't demonetised
he had to appeal it which is normal with
anything on so you know I just say I
think there is a natural apprehension
well maybe when YouTube is coming and
censoring this they're just reacting the
fact that I'm a bold white male and now
another channel has carried the same
video vegan gains obviously adding his
own commentary and perspective which is
great totally happy is doing now I'm
certain Richard saw that video on my
channel about a year and a half ago when
it first appeared on my channel we were
in Thailand at that time you know
Richard has we've seen many videos on my
channel not not all in many of his
videos earphones mine it's great it's
fine it's positive but he's now taken
exactly the same for
had on my channel that appeared on one
of the guys channel and when he's
uploaded it he again it's not just not
censored or not restricted it's it's
monetized he seems to be getting
advertising on it so this is an
especially bizarre example of of YouTube
censorship and the message of my video
isn't just clear throughout all of these
sources including Richard it has the
caption I added has the warning where it
says on screen I'm only quoting this in
order to criticize it do not ban this as
hate speech do you know you know like
you of them telling YouTube don't censor
this is HB I'm the one condemning others
for his hate speech I'm the one calling
someone up for August now and I've
gotten just a couple of emails over the
years from people who wrote in and said
you know that video is really important
I think one of them was somebody in
Germany and they had to use a VPN like
in order to see the video they had to
dial up outside of the country you know
but they said look this is really
important people in Germany people in
Europe they need to know about this
stuff they need to know about racism and
Holocaust denial and anti-semitism
within vegan movements within these
health diets and how are they gonna know
if this sort of thing is censored so
that's one part of story that's
interesting and I've had a lot of
responses from viewers who were
genuinely interested in how YouTube
censorship works I've talked about that
in the past I don't find it that
interesting but it's it's part of my
daily life I guess the truth is if
you're a viewer on YouTube it's part of
your daily life also you just can't see
how it works you're speaking from the
outside what it is you're seeing and not
seeing and you're indirectly content
creators complaining about it but you
don't really see what goes on but a
YouTube videos get censored in many
different ways and for many different
reasons this is a convenience segue most
likely that video was censored in the
way that it was because of Cory McCarthy
or the followers of court McCarthy
because the only other experience I have
of that now I have to explain what I
mean whether were that the only other
experience I have of that the only other
experience I have where I was making an
anti-racist video
that was flagged and censored as if it
were pro racist when it was completely
obvious that it was anti-racist the
whole purpose of the video is to point
the finger and call this out same
purpose being gained says now the only
other experience I have of that is with
Cory McCarthy and Tara McCarthy now
here's the strange irony
what vegan gains is doing right now
which I completely support is the same
thing that in the past he condemned me
for and both vegan gains and ask
yourself I don't know if they've kind of
woken up out of their slumber or if
they've taken a new attitude towards
what they did in the recent past
themselves or what
but the question vegan gains and ask
yourself used to ask you know publicly
was well how can you condemn someone
through guilt by association how can you
just presume that because Richard vegan
gains because vegan gains is friends
with Cory McCarthy that therefore he
supports Cory McCarthy's white
supremacism fascism of his views on
religion his views on race his views on
politics well I agree you can't presume
that but what richard has just done now
is to demand that fully raw Christina
clarified that she come out and say what
her position is in these political
issues given that there is this
political public connection between her
and John Rose so that the question is
there now Richards connection to Cory
McCarthy and Tara McCarthy was much more
powerful than that it's not just that
they were friends
Richard appeared on Tara McCarthy's
radio show of course it was YouTube so
I'm not insulting it I just don't know
why they packages if it's a radio
program it was a very very popular
YouTube program and Tara McCarthy was
extremely successful she had a huge
number of viewers and she was really
connected to elite levels of the
American white supremacist movement now
her objective Tara McCarthy and Cory
McCarthy were very public on the
Internet at that time that what they
wanted to pursue and what they wanted to
achieve was a United States of America
in which the entire population was
European
and I sent Richard directly I remember a
sentiment a Facebook message a link to a
video that was just Tora answering the
question it was after she had done a
collab with Richard said look Richard
you're collaborating with these people
think about politically who it is you're
collaborating with here's Tara answering
the question if she had her way if her
political party was elected king of the
United States or in our home if they
came into power would she or would she
not exile
Richard would she Excel vegan gains from
Canada and the United States would she
force him to go back to Africa because
that was their political position their
political position was they would force
everyone of African ancestry to to go
back to Africa and Tara McCarthy
probably this clip is still on YouTube
somewhere if you look around and find it
terrible glad they answered the question
and she gave a whole bunch of caveats
she said she doesn't endorse violence
and she doesn't enforce endorse mob rule
and she made a few caveats but long
story short of her answer was yes that
she felt people like richer people like
vegan gains should be exiled from the
United States and Canada now again I
talked about this at length with Isaac
with ask yourself and everyone including
Richard and and Isaac themselves that
time they seemed to feel I was doing
something really unreasonable what I
said to Isaac and what I said to Richard
at that time these these things have all
happened over a couple of years you know
was much more reasonable and much less
confrontational than what Richard is
doing to Bulevar Christina don't get me
wrong it's great go Adam Richard it's
fine I totally get it
you know he's trying to get a reaction
to fuller christina is going to be tough
at the best of times so there's there's
really no reason to be any more um you
know any more genteel than he's being I
sympathize with why he's using the tax
he's using but I did not use tactics
that rough with Richard or with ask
yourself with Isaac I you know I really
was just presenting Richard with a stuff
like look Richard this is the reality of
who Corey McCarthy is and what he
represents politically Corey McCarthy
and Tom McCarthy jointly at that time
now okay sorry there are a couple
different
intersecting stories here I'll come back
to the issue with ask yourself if you
search for these guys today
Cory McCarthy and Tara McCarthy deleted
most of their internet present their
websites and most of their racist white
supremacist videos on YouTube there's
still some of that around now why is
that ironically in a nutshell what Tara
was addressing what she was asked that
question was she was asked should
Richard be exiled from the United States
and Canada given not not because he's
black her political position that was
completely clear she's a racist white
nationalist oh it's completely their
argument was the question was given that
he is in fact half white given that he's
a person of mixed race ancestry so you
guys may not know but he had his mom in
his videos in the past his mother is
white European descent so that that was
why she was asked that question it was
already clear that she's racist against
black people but it's like well you're
friends with this guy Richard he's of
mixed ancestry obviously culturally and
linguistically he grew up speaking
English in a western country what you
know what is your what is your position
this so the irony is that the whole
racist white supremacist movement that
had supported Tara turned against her
when they figured out that she was
herself also of mixed racial ancestry so
she kept her cards close to her chest
she got to a pretty high level of
success but there were several scandals
including a sex scandal about her that
came out about her past life before she
became this right-wing racist talk show
host and yeah Tara McCarthy was in the
absurd position of being a white ethno
nationalists who was specifically
harshly condemning the miscegenation
intermarriage and people of mixed
ancestry while herself being a product
of such a nation a person of mixed
ancestry and she got to see just how
nasty her movement was when it want to
turn against her now is that the whole
story with Tara McCarthy I think it's
the most important
the story I think that Tara had to go
from being a public figure to being a
private figure I think that she's not
doing collaborations with the Pettibone
sisters and so on and so forth for that
reason that she's disappeared because
she was shamed and ashamed she was in
effect D platformed by right-wingers
people talk about that on the left well
that's that's an example of it happening
on the right it is also true that
publicly she said that she got into
trouble because they were crossing
borders in the United States and England
and there were questions about visa
regulations and sort of government
censored being brought to bear she
stated publicly that one of the anti
anti-semitic groups I don't know which
one but some legal trust you know maybe
Simon Wiesenthal Center or something
maybe seven Poverty Law Center I don't
know but one of the kind of civil rights
equality groups that takes on you know
voices that are engaging in Holocaust
denial or this kind of thing that there
was some kind of legal problem that way
and she was concerned about how this was
gonna impact her I guess her application
for residency in the United States
because she talked about that a lot that
she was moving United States to have a
kid with Corinne
so she went underground after being an
incredibly public figure and I think one
of the most damning traces of all was
she had a book deal to publish a book
with an exclusively white supremacist
book publisher a book publisher that
only does that kind of propaganda those
kinds of books and I think that book is
no never gonna happen because I mean she
was the ultimate hypocrite so look I
never said to Richard what Richard is
now saying to fully well Christina I
never said Richard Richard so if you see
this video you know this I never said to
you Richard if you don't make a video
condemning
Corey McCarthy of Tara McCarthy then you
are guilty of the same thing because you
support I've never said that to you
Richard I said hey Richard I'm making a
video control kaibacorp but this is what
I know here are the facts here's the
film clips I've got you know they
deleted a lot of their material back
then too they started covering up their
tracks and I said look I mean I know
Corey has been lying to you I know Tara
lying to you this is who these people
are this is what they really represent
politically and in the video I made of a
PewDiePie just a couple days ago I think
a lot of people don't realize if you
just look past the facade like I don't
know that the the Britney petit born him
is you know if you look past the facade
oh I don't know she has nice makeup and
hair like just think for five minutes
about what it is she she represents
politically you really just google the
names involved really quickly you get
images of neo-nazis with torches in
front of fascist Flags marching it
really only takes a few mouse clicks to
figure out what these what kinds of
organizations these these people are
fronting for so Tara McCarthy really is
that extreme Cory McCarthy really is
that extreme he was Pro genocide and pro
racist of the worst kind and both
Richard and Isaac so Richard is vegan
gains and Isaac is ask yourself work
positively associated with them
positively defended them positively
collaborate with them pawsley positively
and publicly identified us as their
friends so it is somewhat bizarre but an
improvement to see Richard today has has
turned around this way and look guys
some people criticize me when I made the
suggestion you can still see it on my
blog in text you can see exactly what I
said to Isaac I didn't confront him this
way I didn't say I mean you know Richard
you've taken it to kind of level 10 here
you said hey you know that she must make
a video condemning someone who's her
friend you never did that Corey you
never did that cetera and you appeared
in an interview supporting Torrez
channel on her channel I think it was an
hour long at least it was a long long
video Richard it wasn't like you met up
with her for five minutes at a Costco or
something oh hey how you doing
no I mean you really you really
supported her overtly racist white
supremacist channel and at that time
they had their own website and I
remember sending you a screenshot of the
front page I could get that screenshot
you know the front page in the about
page is that Richard do you not see
what's spelled out here their opposition
to miscegenation and cool unquote
[ __ ] races and like just think
about
openly what these people say they
represent and you're the face of their
movement now you're their supporter
they're able to say oh they're not so
racist they're so bad because they have
this black guy who appears in their
channel and they're getting support
they're getting an endorsement from a
channel with with a lot of followers
this is this is really it's really black
really bleak so I just say Richard I
never confronted you the way that you
are now confronting feel about Christina
I never confronted Isaac the way you're
now front and confronting Luber
Christina when I wrote to Isaac you can
see exactly whatever I said look man
your situation is you're not really
racist I know look I know Isaac is not
really racist but you had a period of
your life where you got drawn in by some
of these racist sources his best friend
was this guy Jack green who's an open
neo-nazi even a classical Nazi a pro
Hitler guy you guys were associated
together for ages you were friends with
Corey McCarthy you defended Corey
McCarthy against my criticism of them
and my critism OVA was completely
factual factually accurate and correct
and your defense of him was full of lies
and half-truths and one have you okay so
you took that position and then you know
it didn't stop there that was the start
Isaac went to this long period we was
fascinated with sources like of Jay
Phillipe Rushton and the bell curve and
the race and IQ debates he was going
down this spiral of pseudo-scientific
I had no better worthless than
scientistic racism race Theory race in
IQ theory and he was hanging out with a
lot of far right
I can't even say all right I mean some
of these people were fascists and
neo-nazis he was hanging out with these
people and they were in his discord
server and it was normalizing a lot of
these views he had a period to be
infested with it but I don't think I
don't think in his heart of hearts I
don't think Isaac is a racist I don't
when I talked to him about racism I
think most of the points I raised were
just things he'd never thought about
before he never thought about the
history of the Cree in the edgy way and
the Mohawks he never thought about the
British Empire and colonialism and
language and to what extent language is
really important and not you know
bloodline or race or you know I raised a
lot of issues to give him new thoughts
and a new
you know I think ultimately he's a kid
he wants to make the world a better
place he's a kid he wants to be an
activist in his own way and through the
magic of the internet and patreon
donations he was he was offered this
opportunity and unfortunately you see
what he's done with it yeah in some ways
what he's done is tainted by this but
what I said to Isaac you can still see
the exact wording of said was look man
all you have to do is make a positive
statement about what your position is
you don't have to go back and apologize
for something in the past and you don't
have to attack Cory McCarthy or denounce
Tom McCarthy or deal with that stuff but
if you just make one video that even in
passing states like what your view is on
these things positively what it is you
think is is good here you know then it's
gonna set to rest you know a whirlwind
of rumors and accusations that you're
that you're racist and that you're
linked to these these races that he knew
was was swirling around now nobody
thinks that vegan gains is a racist and
of course I don't think being gay is a
racist
unfortunately in Richards case I mean I
can remember a time when Richard
described himself as a kind of techno
socialist when his belief was that the
progress of Technology if some people
this isn't someone coming you he thought
that the progress of technology was
gonna make most forms of Labor obsolete
that like factory work wouldn't be
needed anymore cuz robots do the work
and as technology became more and more
advanced it was necessary to have some
kind of left-wing socialist set up to
distribute wealth because just
unemployment was going to become chronic
the sort of thing um I've seen Richard
speak well of left-wing causes and
left-wing concerns and somehow I mean
whether it was that he hung out in the
wrong discord servers or listening to
the wrong video game live stream meters
or whatever he seems to he seems to a
for a couple of years gotten fascinated
with some far right-wing demagogues and
he's never discussed that with me
philosophically I mean none of these
guys read books and this is the most you
want to grab some of the books I'm
reading don't do it don't do it
misty III read books we go here you go
one can look up what this is it
I read books my who my you know my
thought in my perspective of the world
is actually shaped by reading books and
that in ways both coarse and subtle it's
a very different process interrogating
books as sources rather just being
influenced by YouTube videos and now as
you guys know I'm trying to shift this
channel to be more focused on analysis
of politics news and whether those are
in books article form or what have you
so guys I end this with just this
thought I was young once too I was young
and I was ignorant I didn't grow up
smart I really didn't have the benefit I
without even getting into my family I
said stupid offensive crap as a teenager
and I didn't know the difference between
real world history and propaganda and
[ __ ] it's really before the internet
but you know I didn't know what was true
what was false and I was you know
groping around in the darkness for
meaning in life as all kinds of people
do and it doesn't stop when you're a
teenager you can be groping around in
the darkness when you're 40 years old
and you can be groping or any darkness
in your your mid-20s it's you know it's
not like because you grow pubic hair
you've suddenly become wise doesn't come
with your molars or you know the the
hairs on the hairs in the backyard
Necker or anything else it's a struggle
I can relate to and I'm cursed with a
very accurate memory so I the stupidity
and ignorance of my youth and I remember
how hard it was to work my way out of it
and how hard it was to overcome
propaganda and misinformation that I
assumed was was true but including some
simplistic narratives that were
left-wing and some that were right-wing
and and and what-have-you
what's odd to me about these particular
characters is that they don't seem to be
intimidated the way I was and the way I
think most people are it's like look
when I was 16 why didn't I start
learning Latin I can remember thinking
about this it was intimidating it was
scary to imagine sitting down alone with
teacher self Latin
and looking Latin you know at 16 I was
confident enough to read Plato and
Aristotle and you know something
Herodotus or some some great authors in
Asian world in English but the thought
of learning Latin or Greek only that
that was scary
that was intimidating and I felt I
wasn't born rich
I wasn't born into a family with the
kind of privilege and background I
wasn't the kind of person who would
learn Latin okay and now I feel like I
could learn Latin in three months I mean
I mean I'm 40 years old I worked on many
languages seems like the easiest thing
in the world of course I could go to the
library and go to the books into them
myself people like Richard people like
vegan gains are exactly the kind of
people who are not intimidated to say
hey they have no education in science
but they're gonna go to the library or
get in the Internet and they're gonna
get detailed scientific articles and
read the footnotes and figure out
exactly what the scientific facts are in
doing an analysis of the protein to fat
ratios and different kinds of food all
the stuff he's done on nutritional side
he's not intimidated by that he's not
intimidated by picking up big scary
books off the shelf and I think I can
say this about Isaac also he's someone
who's not intimidated by textbooks on
philosophy and logic and history and
these thorny issues and they're not
intimidated by taking on topics that are
politically edging or scary or at big
consequences they're not intimidated by
by any of that the problem is that
they're groping around in the darkness
and their own arrogance blinds them to
the fact that it is in the darkness
they're groping that you know they
didn't go through a process of you know
developing an appreciation for an a
solid foundation and the basics before
reaching out for you know these these
more advanced more compelling topics
that the things that they they just felt
motivated to them to publicly you know
take a stand on now and it's it's not
too late for either one of them it's
great to see Richard turn around and
take on a topic like this I don't know
why he didn't do it year and a half ago
when my video went up when he saw it I
know why
do it doing it now but hey you can't you
can't do everything you can't do
everything all the time it's great but
you know it is a bizarre irony to see
Richard today doing exactly what he used
to criticize others for and what he used
to criticize me for as being a social
justice warrior as standing up to
someone and drawing a line as saying no
it's not acceptable to have
anti-semitism like this within the vegan
movement and it's not acceptable to be
making excuses for it and supporting
somebody when somebody else takes that
stand